your gonna be our lead programmer for me and my friend. We're participating in a hackathon, the prompt is from StateFarm, "create something to make insurance easier to understand and helpful so students are prepared and manage everyday risks". We want to make a game, since kids love to play games and pay attention to that. this is the vision: a game that has that pixelated 8 bit look, it has 3 levels, level 1- house insurance, level 2- car insurance, and level 3-health insurance. for now though lets focus on level one. Its a "protect your base" type of game. everything is in 2D, you can use the left arrow key to move left, the right arrow key to move right, and the "A" key is the action button. you will also have the up and down arrow key controls, but that's only to move up and down a 2 story house. the level plays out like this: you're in a 2 story house, however the player sees through the "4th wall" of the house, theres also a backyard on both the left and right side of the house. It starts out with the player cooking on the stove, and all of a sudden a big 30 second countdown appears, and you have entered the "preparation stage" this is where you have 30 seconds to do 4 tasks, lock the door on the first floor on the left side of the house, lock the window on the right side of the first floor, turn off the fire on the stove, and grab the "mystery" gun on the second floor to equip it. failure to turn off the stove in the preparation phase will set the house on fire thus losing the game and having to restart. once the countdown goes to 0 and the preparation stage is over, assuming you did all 4 tasks, you will now have to "shoot" the thieves attacking your house. they will come into the frame on either the left or right side and have to get to the wall of the house to attack it. I forgot to mention earlier, on the top of the screen, you will have 2 bars, first is a health bar for the house, if the thieves hit the walls, the health bar goes down. the second bar is the "insurance meter" which will begin at 0%, every time the health bar of the house goes down, the insurance meter will simultaneously go up until it hits 100% (i'll explain what happens later). anyways with the mystery gun the player has equipped, on the second floor of the house, the player can shoot out of their houses windows (on both sides of the house) to defeat the thieves. i want the thieves to come in waves, the first wave is just one thief, he apears from any side and is walking really slow, once you defeat all the thieves for that wave, the next wave begins, getting progressively harder, with each wave, more thieves appear on both sides, some faster than others, some stronger than others. the idea for "winning" is eventually the thieves will be too much to handle, and your house health will go to 0%, but at the same time, the insurance meter will go to 100%, when that happens, thats when a text screen appears saying "Don't worry, Insurance has you covered", and it'll serve as a blast that eliminates all the remaining thieves in that wave, and your house gets healed up back to 100%. this showcases that insurance will repair any damages that come to your house such as robbery or fire.
